h1. Radiant CMS Slideshows Extension

A straight-forward slideshow management gallery that allows for three individual slideshows per page.  By default, they are named left, middle, and right.

_Note: this version has been updated for Radiant 0.9.x.  If you are using an older version of Radiant, please checkout the 0.8 branch._

h1. Features

* Allows you to create a slideshow gallery in Radiant and display on a page.
* Loading order of slides can be adjusted using drag-and-drop reordering.
* Slideshow is pulled-in to the Flash via and XML file produced in the *.rxml views in app/views/slideshows.

h1. Requirements

<p>*Imagemagick*<br />
"http://www.imagemagick.org/script/index.php":http://www.imagemagick.org/script/index.php</p>

<p>*SWFObject*<br />
"http://blog.deconcept.com/swfobject":http://blog.deconcept.com/swfobject</p>

<p>*Gems/Plugins*<br /> 
Paperclip, "http://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip/tree/master":http://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip/tree/master<br />
Rmagick, "http://rmagick.rubyforge.org":http://rmagick.rubyforge.org</p>

h1. How to Install

Grab the extensions from GitHub and place it in vendor/extensions
<pre><code>
  git clone git://github.com/scullygroup/radiant-slideshow.git vendor/extensions/slideshows
</code></pre>

Run the following commands:
<pre><code>
  rake radiant:extensions:slideshows:migrate
  rake radiant:extensions:slideshows:update
</code></pre>

h1. How to Use

The slideshow is pulled into Flash using a RESTful URL that provides the XML like so:
<pre><code>/slideshow/:slug</code></pre>

<p>Where <code>:slug</code> is the page slug of the current Radiant Page.</p>

In your template, reference swfobject.js:
<pre><code>
  <script src="/javascripts/swfobject.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
</code></pre>

Be sure to vendor Paperclip in environment.rb
<pre><code>
config.gem 'paperclip'
</code></pre>

Then, create a section like the following, wherever you want the slideshow to appear:
<pre><code>
  <div id="slideshow"></div>
  	<script type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8">
  	var flashvars = {
  	    xml_path:"/slideshow/<r:slug/>"
  	    };
    var params = {
        menu: "false",
        wmode: "transparent"
        };
    var attributes = {};
    swfobject.embedSWF("/swf/interior_slide.swf", "slideshow", "1000", "290","9.0.0", "", flashvars, params, attributes);
    </script>
</code></pre>
  
  <p>The code above uses SWFObject to create the Flash embed code, using XML to populate the slideshow.  This pulls all slides for the current page.</p>
  
  Copyright (c) 2010 Scully Group, released under the MIT License